Fix smart cards authentication example - show how to obtain adminKey (#5599)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-uwp: hub/apps/develop/security/smart-cards.md

To authenticate with smart cards or virtual smart cards, your app must provide the behavior to complete challenges between the admin key data stored on the card, and the admin key data maintained by the authentication server or management tool.

### Obtaining the admin key

Before you can perform authentication, you need to obtain the admin key. The source of the admin key depends on your scenario:

- **For virtual smart cards you created**: Use the same admin key that was generated during card creation (as shown in the "Create a virtual smart card" section above). You should store this key securely for later authentication use.
- **For existing physical or virtual smart cards**: The admin key is typically provided by your organization's IT department, card management system, or the service that issued the card.

> - **For development/testing**: You can generate a test admin key using `CryptographicBuffer.GenerateRandom(24)` as shown in the virtual card creation example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **For development/testing**: You can generate a test admin key using [CryptographicBuffer.GenerateRandom](/uwp/api/windows.security.cryptography.cryptographicbuffer.generaterandom) as shown in the virtual card creation example below.
```
